Document replication user tls (#3629)
CrunchyData/postgres-operator: docs/content/tutorial/customize-cluster.md

### How to Customize TLS

There are a few different TLS endpoints that can be customized for PGO, including those of the Postgres cluster and controlling how Postgres instances authenticate with each other. Let's look at how we can customize TLS by defining

* a `spec.customTLSSecret`, used to both identify the cluster and encrypt communications; and
* a `spec.customReplicationTLSSecret`, used for replication authentication.

(For more information on the `spec.customTLSSecret` and `spec.customReplicationTLSSecret` fields, see the [`PostgresCluster CRD`]({{< relref "references/crd.md" >}}).)

> To customize the TLS for a Postgres cluster, you will need to create two Secrets in the Namespace of your Postgres cluster. One of these Secrets will be the `customTLS Secret` and the other will be the `customReplicationTLSSecret`. Both secrets contain a TLS key (`tls.key`), TLS certificate (`tls.crt`) and CA certificate (`ca.crt`) to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize the TLS for a Postgres cluster, you will need to create two Secrets in the Namespace of your Postgres cluster. One of these Secrets will be the `customTLSSecret` and the other will be the `customReplicationTLSSecret`. Both secrets contain a TLS key (`tls.key`), TLS certificate (`tls.crt`) and CA certificate (`ca.crt`) to use.
```

>         path: ca.crt

Reviewer: I know you didn't write this, but I find this part a bit confusing... Maybe it can be changed to match the example files from the secret creation section earlier? I think it would look like this? :thinking: 

```yaml
spec:
  customTLSSecret:
    name: hippo.tls
    items:
      - key: tls.crt
        path: hippo.crt
      - key: tls.key
        path: hippo.key
      - key: ca.crt
        path: ca.crt
```
